Add start/stop/ready/logs to Makefile, update README, and upgrade workflow actions (#5)
localstack-samples/wordpress-ecs-rds-cdk: README.md

## Quickstart

This sample requires a valid [LocalStack for AWS license](https://localstack.cloud/pricing). Your license provides a [`LOCALSTACK_AUTH_TOKEN`](https://docs.localstack.cloud/getting-started/auth-token/) to activate LocalStack.

To install python requirements and developer tools (cdklocal, awslocal) into a venv run:

    make install

> Start LocalStack Pro with the `LOCALSTACK_AUTH_TOKEN` pre-configured:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start LocalStack for AWS with the `LOCALSTACK_AUTH_TOKEN` pre-configured:
```
